[WIP 0.9.1] Rearrange docs (#1844)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: docs/advanced_reference/commands/autonomy_build-image.md

Builds the agent image for a service.

This command builds the Docker runtime images for the agent defined in a service configuration file `service.yaml`. By default, the command tags the generated images as

```
<author>/oar-<agent_package>:<package_hash>
```

where `<author>` is the author name from the local CLI config (specified with `autonomy init`), `oar` stands for "Open Autonomy Runtime", and `<agent_package>:<package_hash>` is the `PUBLIC_ID` of the agent. These default tags can be modified using certain options described below.

!!! warning "Important"

    The images are built by fetching the packages from the IFPS registry. Therefore, before running the command, make sure that all the required packages are published on the IPFS registry.

## Usage

```bash
autonomy build-image [OPTIONS] [PUBLIC_ID]
```

## Options

`--service-dir PATH`
:   Path to the service directory.

`--version TEXT`
:   Tag version for the image.

`--image-author TEXT`
:   Author name for the image.

`--dev`

> :   Build the agent image in [`dev` mode](../developer_tooling/dev_mode.md).

Author: fixed

`--pull`
:   Pull the latest dependencies when building the image.

`--help`
:   Show the help message and exit.

## Examples

> * Build the agent image for a service located in the folder `your_service`, which should contain the service configuration file `service.yaml`:

Author: fixed

    ```bash
    autonomy build-image --service-dir /your_service
    ```

    Or, alternatively:

    ```bash
    cd /your_service
    autonomy build-image
    ```

> * Build the agent image for a specific service without fetching it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build the agent image for a specific service without fetching the service package:
```

Author: fixed

    ```bash

>     autonomy build-image <agent_package>:<package_hash>

Reviewer: The input needs to be a public ID

```suggestion
    autonomy build-image <author>/<agent_package>:<package_hash>
```

Author: fixed

    ```

>     where `<agent_package>:<package_hash>` is the `PUBLIC_ID` of the agent.

Reviewer: The public ID follows `<author>/<package_name>:<package_hash>` format

Author: fixed

* Build an agent image with a custom version tag:

    ```bash
    autonomy build-image <author>/<agent_package>:<package_hash> --version <version>
    ```

    This will tag the image as `<author>/oar-<agent_package>:<version>`.

* Build an agent image with a custom author name:

    ```bash
    autonomy build-image <author>/<agent_package>:<package_hash> --image-author <custom_author>
    ```

    This will tag the image as `<custom_author>/oar-<agent_package>:<package_hash>`.

> * Build an image to be used in [`dev` mode](../developer_tooling/dev_mode.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build the runtime image for the  [`dev` mode](../developer_tooling/dev_mode.md):
```

Author: fixed
